================================================================================

GitHub repository : blankaspect/crosswordEditor

================================================================================

This repository contains the source code for classes of the CrosswordEditor
application that belong to the *unnamed* package.  The source code for classes
of *named* packages can be found in the blankaspect/javaLibrary1 repository,
which contains code that is shared by Blank Aspect Java applications.  Both sets
of code are required to build the CrosswordEditor application.  For example, if
the source code is in tmp/crosswordEditor/src and tmp/javaLibrary1/src, you
could compile with javac from the crosswordEditor directory with the following
command:

javac -d classes -sourcepath ../javaLibrary1/src src/*

The Java version of the source code is 1.8 (Java SE 8). 

The complete source code of the CrosswordEditor application is distributed,
along with an executable JAR, through SourceForge:
<http://crosswordeditor.sourceforge.net/>
The distribution contains an Ant file for building the application from source.
The motivation for additionally publishing the source code on GitHub is to allow
it to be browsed without the need to download an archive and extract its
contents.

NOTE: There is an important difference between the source code in the GitHub
repositories and the code that's distributed via SourceForge: in the code here,
the named library packages have the prefix "uk.org.blankaspect" whereas the
prefix is removed from the named packages in the code on SourceForge during the
release process.  Thus, for example, the package named "uk.org.blankaspect.util"
here (and in my local repo) is named "util" in the distributed source-code
archive.

You may use any of the source code under the terms of the GPL version 3 license.
If you modify any of the code from the named packages and distribute the
modified code, would you please rename the package, either by replacing the
"uk.org.blankaspect" prefix with one of your own or by removing the prefix
altogether.

This repository doesn't contain anything apart from source code because I didn't
want to publish the entire contents of my local repo.  Git doesn't allow partial
clones, so this repo is managed though a secondary local repo and some
scripting.  Until I devise an efficient way of managing the publication of a
specified subset of the contents of my local repo, updates of this one will be
infrequent, and commits are likely to have collective (and uninformative)
comments.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
